README.md, before:

![](cover.jpeg)

# 📈 ampare

<a href="https://twitter.com/theapache64" target="_blank">
<img alt="Twitter: theapache64" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/theapache64.svg?style=social" />
</a>


A web-based analytics event comparison tool that helps identify differences between two event data sets. Perfect for debugging analytics implementations and validating event changes.

🔗 **Live Tool**: [a64.in/ampare](https://a64.in/ampare)

## Features

- **Side-by-side comparison** of analytics event data
- **Visual diff categorization** with color-coded sections:
    - 🟡 Modified properties (changed values)
    - 🟢 Added properties (new in second event)
    - 🔴 Removed properties (missing from second event)
    - ⚪ Unchanged properties (identical values)
- **Statistics overview** showing counts for each category
- **Clean, responsive interface** optimized for mobile and desktop
- **Copy-paste friendly** - just paste your event data and compare

## How to Use

1. **Paste Event Data**: Copy your first analytics event data into the "Event 1 Data" textarea
2. **Paste Comparison Data**: Copy your second analytics event data into the "Event 2 Data" textarea
3. **Click Compare**: Hit the "Compare Events" button to analyze differences
4. **Review Results**: View categorized differences with detailed breakdowns

## Supported Event Format

The tool expects event data in a simple key-value format:
```
propertyKey1
propertyValue1
propertyKey2
propertyValue2
```

Special handling for multi-line properties like `AmplitudeCountry` which includes country code and name.

## ✍️ Author

👤 **theapache64**

* Twitter: <a href="https://twitter.com/theapache64" target="_blank">@theapache64</a>
* Email: theapache64@gmail.com

Feel free to ping me 😉

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any
contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.
1. Fork the Project
1. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
1. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
1. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
1. Open a pull request

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## ❤ Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!


<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/theapache64" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" width="160">
</a>

## 📝 License

```
Copyright © 2025 - theapache64

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

_This README was generated by [readgen](https://github.com/theapache64/readgen)_ ❤

Commit message:

Add GitHub Actions setup for Chrome extension publishing

README.md, after:

![](cover.jpeg)

# 📈 ampare

<a href="https://twitter.com/theapache64" target="_blank">
<img alt="Twitter: theapache64" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/theapache64.svg?style=social" />
</a>


A web-based analytics event comparison tool that helps identify differences between two event data sets. Perfect for debugging analytics implementations and validating event changes.

🔗 **Live Tool**: [a64.in/ampare](https://a64.in/ampare)

## Features

- **Side-by-side comparison** of analytics event data
- **Visual diff categorization** with color-coded sections:
    - 🟡 Modified properties (changed values)
    - 🟢 Added properties (new in second event)
    - 🔴 Removed properties (missing from second event)
    - ⚪ Unchanged properties (identical values)
- **Statistics overview** showing counts for each category
- **Clean, responsive interface** optimized for mobile and desktop
- **Copy-paste friendly** - just paste your event data and compare

## How to Use

1. **Paste Event Data**: Copy your first analytics event data into the "Event 1 Data" textarea
2. **Paste Comparison Data**: Copy your second analytics event data into the "Event 2 Data" textarea
3. **Click Compare**: Hit the "Compare Events" button to analyze differences
4. **Review Results**: View categorized differences with detailed breakdowns

## Supported Event Format

The tool expects event data in a simple key-value format:
```
propertyKey1
propertyValue1
propertyKey2
propertyValue2
```

Special handling for multi-line properties like `AmplitudeCountry` which includes country code and name.

## ✍️ Author

👤 **theapache64**

* Twitter: <a href="https://twitter.com/theapache64" target="_blank">@theapache64</a>
* Email: theapache64@gmail.com

Feel free to ping me 😉

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any
contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.
1. Fork the Project
1. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
1. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
1. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
1. Open a pull request

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## 🚀 Chrome Extension Publishing

This project uses GitHub Actions to automatically publish the Chrome extension to the Chrome Web Store when a new version tag is pushed.

### Required Secrets

To enable automatic publishing, you need to set up the following secrets in your GitHub repository:

- `EXTENSION_ID`: Your Chrome extension ID from the Chrome Web Store
- `CLIENT_ID`: Google API client ID with access to the Chrome Web Store API
- `CLIENT_SECRET`: Google API client secret
- `REFRESH_TOKEN`: OAuth refresh token for authentication

### Publishing Process

1. Update the version in `chrome/src/jsMain/resources/manifest.json`
2. Commit your changes
3. Tag the commit with a version tag (e.g., `v1.0.2`)
4. Push the tag to GitHub
5. The GitHub Actions workflow will automatically build and publish the extension

## ❤ Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!


<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/theapache64" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" width="160">
</a>

## 📝 License

```
Copyright © 2025 - theapache64

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

_This README was generated by [readgen](https://github.com/theapache64/readgen)_ ❤
